
Issues
------
    A.  Dual-core system stability

        Occasionally the dual-core system hangs if networking is enabled. It is
        recommended that the ramdisk image "ramdisk.snv-b77-nd.no-boot-time-network.gz"
	be used for booting Operating System on the dual-core system. Networking
	can be enabled after the system reaches console login prompt similar to
	enabling networking after booting to maintenance mode.

	Ubuntu Linux is not yet supported on the dual-core system.

	There are no known stability issues with OpenSolaris or Ubuntu Linux
	running on a single core system.

    B.  Floating-point support in Firmware.

	Currently, the CCX firmware emulates the floating-point processing for
	the floating-point unit, because that unit is not included in the FPGA
        project.  Approximately 50 diagnostic tests in the core1_full regression
	which exercise the floating-point unit fail when run on the FPGA
	project.  The cause is probably due to the emulation code not
	supporting some special cases.  These cases have been commented out of
	the core1_full test list.


    C.  EDK project workarounds

	Before running EDK on any of the project files supplied, the user must
	run the following script:
	
	    $DV_ROOT/design/sys/edk/fix_edk.pl

	This script applies work-arounds for two problems encountered in EDK.
	Files from the EDK release area are copied to the project and modified.

    D.  Meeting Timing with other netlists.

	The EDK project comes with a pre-synthesized netlist for the OpenSPARC
	T1 core.  This netlist was compiled with Synplify Pro, version 8.8,
	targeting the XC5VLX110 FPGA.
	With this netlist is used, both the dual-core project and the single-
	core project get through place & route with no timing violations.
	The two bit files included in the $DV_ROOT/design/sys/edk/bitfiles
	directory were implemented using this netlist.

	If Synplicity Pro is used targeting the XC5VXL110T (the actual part on
	the board), the dual-core design implements with no timing violations, 
	but the single-core design has one small timing violation.  It is a
	violation of a cross clock domain path.   However, this timing 
	violation didn't seem to affect the functionality of the design.  We
	were still able to run a complete regression on this design with no
	failures.

	OpenSPARC T1 Netlists generated with XST version 10.1 were also tested.
       	The dual-core design implemented with no timing violations, but the 
	single-core design had a large timing violation.  This can be corrected
	by changing the options specified in the file.

	 $DV_ROOT/design/sys/edk/etc/fast_runtime.opt

	 In the options for the program map, delete the line "-t 3".  The
	 single-core design should then route with no timing violations.

    E.  Diagnostic test ordering.
	
	In a hardware regresssion, tests now run without re-downloading the 
	bit file between each tests.  This makes it necessary for each test
	to initialize the core properly.  We have noticed that a test named
	tr_intr2 fails if it is executed after test tr_intr1.  Therefore, in
	our test lists, we have changed the test order so that test tr_intr2
	runs first.

